# Architecture
The goal of Rakam is to make it easily to create analytics services based on your needs. We found that there are Analytics SaaS providers that does great job but you often need to use at least a few analytics services and there are a few disadvantages of that. It means that you need to share your data with a few 3th party applications, pay each of them independently even though they usually have have similar infrastructures even though they use completely different technologies. The other common case is that these analytics services often specialize at one subject (web analytics, mobile analytics, real-time analytics, customer analytics etc.) so they may not solve your problem. We want to develop a modular and extensible analytics platform that you can use to create your custom analytics solutions easily.

We extensively use Guice for dependency injection, Java ServiceLoader for modularity, Netty for networking. Rakam is a single box that you install the modules you need using the configuration file and deploy to multiple nodes optionally for high-availability and distributing the load across the computing resources. You can either select one of the deployment types or plug your own databases if you wish. You can also easily extend Rakam by developing modules, all you need to do is to extend the interfaces in Java depending on what you need to do, add your module class to ServiceLoader in Java, package your module and add *jar* file into the classpath.

We use an in-house RESTFul server based on Netty called [netty-rest](https://github.com/buremba/netty-rest). It allows us to deploy API services easily and automatically generates the API documentation. When we need to deploy an RESTFul API service, we extend the