The security is indeed not a feature, it's the necessary part of your software and we keep in mind that when we're developing new features. Your data is valuable and can only be used by yourself, not us or any other person. You must not be able to access your data except when you want us to inspect it. 

Therefore, Rakam API can be installed in your servers which we don't have access, they can be behing virtual private networks that only specific people can access. It's also protected with different types of API keys such as `read_key`, `write_key` and `master_key` depending on the operation type. If you want someone to be able to send data to your Rakam API, just give her your `write_key`.

The question comes up with Rakam BI is that if we have the API keys of your project or can access to Rakam API. When you register a Rakam API cluster in Rakam BI, the credendials are stored in Rakam BI so that it can share them with you when you login. Optionally, you can use end-to-end encryption for your credentials. They will be saved in encrypted format in our database and since we don't know the encryption keys, only you will be able to see the real credentials. 

When you visit the pages in Rakam BI, execute a query or perform an administrative operation, the browser will send the request directly to your Rakam API, Rakam BI servers is only used for metadata, your report options, custom report metadata and your personal configurations. If your Rakam API is behind virtual private network or in localhost, since you can access it on your local computer, you can register and use it with Rakam BI without any issue. It basically means that you can even use Docker on your local environment, expose a port like `127.0.0.1:9999` and register it with Rakam BI.
